---
title: "General"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"

---

# Comfort Accounting User Guide

The Comfort Accounting plugin is a robust tool designed to streamline accounting processes in WordPress. It offers comprehensive features and settings to **manage agencies, accounts, categories, vendors/clients, logs, reports, and integration with WooCommerce & Comfort Invoice**. Below is a brief overview of its core functionalities and configurable options:

## Core Components ##
[Dashboard](./dashboard.md)\
[Agency Manager](./agency-manager.md)\
[Account Manager](./account-manager.md)\
[Category Manager](./category-manager.md)\
[Vendor/Client Manager](./vc-manager.md)\
[Log Manager](./log-manager.md)\
[Report Manager (Pro)](./reports-manager.md)\
[Tools Manager](./tools-manager.md)\
[Integrations (Pro)](./integrations.md)

## General Features ##
+ **Dashboard:** Global Dashboard that shows all the key information in one place.

+ **Component Management:** Customize the behavior of key components such as Agency, Account, Category, Vendor/Client, Log, and Reports**[Pro]**.

+ **Settings Manager**: Configure Basic Settings, Email Settings, File Upload/Attachments Settings & Components Settings. Also, we have WooCommerce & Comfort Invoice Integration Settings in this place.

## Enhanced User Experience with Pro Addon ##
The Comfort Accounting Frontend extends all essential features to the frontend, empowering users with a seamless and intuitive interface. Key functionalities such as the Dashboard and Component Management are fully accessible, allowing frontend users to view, manage, and interact with critical accounting data directly from the frontend. This includes streamlined access to Agencies, Accounts, Categories, Vendor/Client information, Logs, Reports & Agency Overview.

With this comprehensive frontend support, users can perform their tasks efficiently without navigating to the backend, ensuring a smooth and productive workflow.

## Advanced Reporting with Pro Addon ##
The Comfort Accounting Reports elevates reporting capabilities by providing a comprehensive and dynamic reporting system. Users can generate detailed reports for Agencies, Accounts, Categories, Vendor/Client interactions, Logs, and more.

With intuitive filters and customizable options, the addon enables users to analyze financial data effectively, uncover insights, and make informed decisions. This advanced reporting system ensures that critical information is always at your fingertips, tailored to meet the diverse needs of your accounting processes.

## Core Roles and Capabilities ##
The platform leverages WordPress core roles and capabilities for robust access control and permissions management.

+ **Admin Management**: Administrative tasks are seamlessly handled using WordPress core capabilities, providing a secure and scalable foundation for backend operations.

+ **Frontend Management (Pro)**: Permissions for frontend users are agency-based, ensuring tailored access and control specific to each agency's requirements. This role-based approach delivers a secure and user-friendly environment across all operational levels.

## Export Options (Reports Pro) ##
+ **Listing Export**: This Feature allows exporting all the components listing details at once. Export types are XLS, XLSX, ODS, PDF.

+ **Single Export**: Provides the option to export individual details. Export types are available JSON & PDF.

Both export features are accessible only with the Reports Pro Addon, unlocking powerful reporting and data export capabilities.

**Note**:
+ The PDF export feature is available only when the "CBX PHPFPDF Library" plugin is activated.

+ The XLS, XLSX, and ODS export features are available only when the "CBX PhpSpreadSheet Library" plugin is activated.

<br/> This summary provides a high-level view of the plugin's capabilities. For detailed guidance, explore the corresponding sections linked above top of the page.