---
title: "Tools Manager"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"
---

# Tools Manager

The Tools Manager provides essential utilities for managing **system data** and configurations within the platform. It offers three powerful features to enhance data management and ensure smooth operations. These tools help users maintain the integrity of their system, migrate data, and fix orphaned data associations.

## Options ##

**Reset Option Data**:
+ The Reset Option Data feature allows users to **reset specific option** data within the system. Users can view the available options and choose which one to reset. This feature ensures that users can easily clear outdated or incorrect option data, restoring the system to its default or desired state.

**Migration Files**:
+ The Migration Files feature provides users with visibility into which migration files have been successfully migrated and which have not. Users can also initiate **migrations directly** from this section, allowing for streamlined data transfer and system updates. This functionality is crucial for maintaining data consistency during system upgrades or migrations.

**Orphan Data Fixer**:
+ The Orphan Data Fixer helps identify entries that are not properly associated with an agency, classifying them as orphaned data. The tool allows users to associate these orphaned entries with a **specified agency id**, ensuring that all data is correctly linked and no records are left unassociated. This feature is critical for maintaining accurate and complete data associations within the system.

The Tools Manager is an integral part of the system, offering critical utilities to **keep data organized**, ensure smooth migrations, and fix orphaned data associations. These features enhance data integrity and improve the overall functionality of the system.



