---
title: "Helps & Updates"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"
---

# Helps & Updates

The Helps & Updates section is a central hub within the system, providing users with essential resources for staying informed and supported. This section is divided into several key blocks that offer detailed information on updates, support, and other products related to the plugin.

## Key Features ##

**Accounting Core Plugin Changelogs**:
This block provides detailed changelog information for the Accounting Core Plugin. Users can view a chronological list of **updates, bug fixes, and feature enhancements** made to the core plugin, helping them stay informed about the latest improvements and changes.

**Accounting Pro Addon Changelogs**:
This section includes the changelog for the Accounting Pro Addon. Users can track the updates, new features, and fixes specific to the Pro Addon version, ensuring they are always up-to-date with the premium features and improvements available.

**Other WordPress Plugins**:
In this block, users can explore other WordPress plugins developed by the same team. It provides links to additional products and tools, allowing users to easily discover and access other plugins that may complement or enhance their website functionality.

**Help & Supports**:
The Help & Supports block offers quick access to user guides, FAQs, troubleshooting tips, and direct support channels. Users can find the resources they need to resolve issues or get assistance with using the plugin effectively.

**Codeboxr News Updates**:
This section highlights news updates from Codeboxr, the development team behind the plugin. Users can stay updated on company announcements, new releases, upcoming features, and other relevant news that may impact their experience with the plugin.

The Helps & Updates section is an essential resource for users, providing easy access to updates, support, and additional tools. It helps ensure users are informed, supported, and able to make the most of their experience with the Accounting plugin and other Codeboxr products.