---
title: "Log Manager"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"
---

# Log Manager

The Log Manager is designed to capture and record financial data generated from accounts, categories, and the vendor/client (VC) manager. It consolidates various data points into a log entry, allowing for efficient tracking and reporting of financial transactions.

## Key Features ##

**Log Creation**:
+ Logs are created selecting values provided in the Account, Category, and Vendor/Client components. These values are combined to generate a complete log entry, representing a financial transaction.

**Amount and Source Amount**:
+ Each log can include an Amount and a Source Amount, helping to track the primary transaction value and the originating amount for reference.

**Currency**:
+ The Currency field allows users to specify the currency in which the transaction was conducted, providing flexibility for international operations. By default it will be the default currency set from settings.

**Tax Values**:
+ Users can optionally add Tax Values to a log entry. A checkbox is provided to enable or disable tax inclusion, ensuring that tax management is flexible and aligned with business needs.

**Attachments**:
+ The Log Component supports multiple attachments for each log entry. Users can upload relevant files in a separate tab dedicated to the attachment process.
+ Uploaded attachments are downloadable, allowing users to access and manage supporting documents related to each log entry.

This component enhances the ability to track and manage financial transactions by offering flexible options for log creation, tax handling, and file attachments. It is a key feature for businesses seeking comprehensive log management.



