---
title: "Reports Manager"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"
---

# Reports Manager

The Reports Manager serves as a **pro feature** of the system, allowing users to generate and manage various financial reports. Currently, the Report Manager includes a **Summary Statement report**, which provides an overview of system entries over a specified date range. This feature plays a critical role in summarizing and analyzing financial data, making it a vital tool for users.

## Summary Statement Report ##

**Report Generation**:
+ The Summary Statement report generates a summary of all system entries within a user-defined date range. Users can specify the start and end dates, allowing for customizable reporting periods. This report offers a comprehensive snapshot of financial **transactions and balances** within the selected timeframe.

**Export Options (Reports Pro)**:
+ The Summary Statement report can be exported in **various formats** for further analysis and documentation. Supported export formats includes XLS, XLSX, ODS, PDF. This flexibility ensures compatibility with common office software, enabling users to work with the report data in the format they prefer.

**Export & Mail Feature**:
+ The Export & Mail feature is a unique functionality that allows users to generate the report and automatically **send it via email** to the person who triggered the report generation. This feature enhances workflow efficiency by ensuring that the relevant stakeholders are promptly notified and receive the necessary documentation directly in their inbox.

**Edit and Save Options**:
+ From the edit panel, users can update the Summary Statement report if adjustments are needed. Additionally, there is an option to save the **report as new**, allowing users to preserve different versions of the report with custom configurations or date ranges.

## Future Report Additions ##
In the future, the Report Component will be enriched with additional report types to further enhance the capabilities of the accounting plugin. These new reports will offer expanded functionality and address diverse reporting needs, ensuring that users have access to comprehensive financial insights.

The Report Component is a fundamental feature of the accounting plugin, providing powerful reporting capabilities that are essential for business operations. Its flexibility, ease of use, and future expansion make it an indispensable tool for managing and analyzing financial data.
