---
title: "Settings Manager"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"
---

# Settings Manager

This short guide provides a basic walkthrough for setting up the Comfort Accounting plugin. For detailed instructions on each component, refer to the specific sections in the plugin documentation.

# General Settings Overview #
The Comfort Accounting plugin is designed with a modular and intuitive settings structure, ensuring that users can easily configure and tailor the plugin to their specific needs. Below is an overview of the key configuration areas:

# Accessing the Settings Panel #
Navigate to **Comfort Accounting > Settings** in the WordPress admin dashboard. This section is organized into various sections, each dedicated to specific configuration options.

## Basic Settings ##
These fundamental settings allow you to define core parameters for your accounting system. Some key options:

+ **Default Country:** Set the default country for all over the plugin.

+ **Default Currency:** Set the default currency for transactions.

+ **Number Settings**: Here we have option Number of Decimals, Decimal Separator, Thousand Separator, Currency Position.

Other options like **Show login form for guest user**, **Guest User Login Form**, **Show Register link to guest**, **Allow Edit Protected Logs**, **On Uninstall delete plugin data** are self introductory. Labels are there to guide.

## Pages ##
Select the page where you have placed the shortcodes.

## File Attachments ##
The File Upload/Attachments Settings section allows users to manage file attachments within the Comfort Accounting plugin, particularly for the Log component. These settings ensure that file uploads are handled securely and efficiently, aligning with your operational requirements.

+ **Enable File Attachments:** Dropdown to enable disable file attachment feature for log component.

+ **Allowed File Types:** Dropdown or multi-select field to specify permitted file types (e.g., PDF, JPG, PNG)

+ **Max File Size (MB):** A numeric field where users can define the maximum allowable file size for uploads, measured in megabytes (MB).

## Component Settings ##
The Component Settings section in the Comfort Accounting plugin offers comprehensive customization options for managing each component key feature. These settings are designed to provide users with full control over the behavior and **configuration of individual components**, ensuring the plugin meets diverse accounting requirements.

**[PRO]**
+ For pro addon **Comfort Accounting Reports** will add two option **Report Settings** & **Export Settings**
+ For pro addon **Comfort Accounting Woo** will add option **Woocommerce**
+ For pro addon **Comfort Accounting Integrations** will add option **Woocommerce** & **Comfort Invoice**.

## Woocommerce ##
The WooCommerce Integration settings section is designed to manage the seamless synchronization between WooCommerce and Comfort Accounting. With configurable options, you can tailor the integration to align with your specific operational needs.

+ **Enable/Disable WooCommerce Integration:** Checkbox to activate or deactivate the WooCommerce integration.

+ **Agency Selection:** Input field to set an agency. This option is mandatory to associate WooCommerce transactions with a specific agency in the system.

+ **Associate Bank Account:** Checkbox to enable or disable the association of WooCommerce transactions with a specific bank account.

+ **Bank Account Selection:** Input field to set the bank account for associating WooCommerce transactions.

+ **Insert New Customer as Client:** Checkbox to automatically add new WooCommerce customers as clients in the Vendors/Clients area.

## Comfort Invoice ##
The Comfort Invoice settings section is designed to manage the seamless synchronization between Comfort Invoice and Comfort Accounting. With configurable options, you can tailor the integration to align with your specific operational needs.

+ **Enable/Disable Comfort Invoice Integration:** Checkbox to activate or deactivate the integration.

+ **Agency Selection:** Input field to set an agency. This option is mandatory to associate Comfort Invoice transactions with a specific agency in the system.

+ **Associate Bank Account:** Checkbox to enable or disable the association of Comfort Invoice transactions with a specific bank account.

+ **Bank Account Selection:** Input field to set the bank account for associating Comfort Invoice transactions.

+ **Insert New Customer as Client:** Checkbox to automatically add new Comfort Invoice customers as clients in the Vendors/Clients area.

## Saving Changes ##
After adjusting these settings, click the Save Changes button to activate your preferences.

This configuration provides flexibility while maintaining control over file uploads, ensuring an optimal balance between functionality and security.


