---
title: "How to Install"
description: "Documentation for Comfort Accounting for WordPress"
keywords: "comfort accounting, wordpress, accounting"
url: "/comfortaccounting/how-to-install"
type: "type"
site_name: "Comfort ERP"
image: /seo_card.png
card: "article"
---

# How to Install

The core plugin name is **“Comfort Accounting”** and our pro addon names are **“Comfort Accounting Frontend (Pro)”**, **"Comfort Accounting Reports (Pro)"** & **"Comfort Accounting Woo (Pro)"** & & **"Comfort Accounting Integrations (Pro)"**.

## How to install any plugin

Before we know how to install “Comfort Accounting” plugin if we know how to install any WordPress plugin it will be smarter. WordPress.org has very clear and step by instruction for [how to install a plugin](https://wordpress.org/documentation/article/manage-plugins/#installing-plugins-1) from wordpress plugin directory or zip version of a plugin. If you read the article from wordpress.org then now you have basic idea how to install a plugin.

## How to install “Comfort Accounting” Core Plugin

~~You can install Comfort Accounting plugin from your wordpress dashboard -> Plugins -> Add New and then search by the name. Then download the zip file from wordpress.org [plugin dir](https://wordpress.org/plugins/comfortaccounting/) and install manually.~~
[Download](https://comforterp.com/product/comfort-accounting-accounting-solution-for-wordpress/#downloadarea) the core plugin from our website and install the zip file manually from wordpress dashboard plugin manager.

## How to install “Comfort Accounting Frontend”

**Comfort Accounting Frontend** doesn’t work without the core plugin **Comfort Accounting**. So, before you install the pro addon you need to have the core Comfort Accounting plugin installed and activated (if you want to activate this pro addon). So, Comfort Accounting Frontend is an addon plugin for core plugin Comfort Accounting.  
To install Comfort Accounting Frontend you have to purchase [license and download](https://comforterp.com/product/comfort-accounting-accounting-solution-for-wordpress/#downloadarea) from our website and then install manually.

## How to install “Comfort Accounting Reports”

**Comfort Accounting Reports** doesn’t work without the core plugin **Comfort Accounting**. So, before you install the pro addon you need to have the core Comfort Accounting plugin installed and activated (if you want to activate this pro addon). So, Comfort Accounting Reports is an addon plugin for core plugin Comfort Accounting.  
To install Comfort Accounting Reports you have to purchase [license and download](https://comforterp.com/product/comfort-accounting-accounting-solution-for-wordpress/#downloadarea) from our website and then install manually.

## How to install “Comfort Accounting Woo”

**Comfort Accounting Woo** doesn’t work without the core plugin **Comfort Accounting**. So, before you install the pro addon you need to have the core Comfort Accounting plugin installed and activated (if you want to activate this pro addon). So, Comfort Accounting Woo is an addon plugin for core plugin Comfort Accounting.  
To install Comfort Accounting Woo you have to purchase [license and download](https://comforterp.com/product/comfort-accounting-accounting-solution-for-wordpress/#downloadarea) from our website and then install manually.

## How to install “Comfort Accounting Integrations”

**Comfort Accounting Integrations** doesn’t work without the core plugin **Comfort Accounting**. So, before you install the pro addon you need to have the core Comfort Accounting plugin installed and activated (if you want to activate this pro addon). So, Comfort Accounting Integrations is an addon plugin for core plugin Comfort Accounting.  
To install Comfort Accounting Integrations you have to purchase [license and download](https://comforterp.com/product/comfort-accounting-accounting-solution-for-wordpress/#downloadarea) from our website and then install manually.

**Last modified:** December 9, 2024